docs(bpf): update unprivileged_bpf_disabled description (#23378)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/bpf/architecture.rst

* ``/proc/sys/kernel/unprivileged_bpf_disabled``: Enables or disable unprivileged
  use of the ``bpf(2)`` system call. The Linux kernel has unprivileged use of
  ``bpf(2)`` enabled by default.

  Once the value is set to 1, unprivileged use will be permanently disabled until
  the next reboot, neither an application nor an admin can reset the value anymore.

  The value can also be set to 2, which means it can be changed at runtime to 0 or

>   1 later while disabling the unprivileged used for now. This value has been added by
>   recent kernel updates and is not available in older versions. If ``BPF_UNPRIV_DEFAULT_OFF``

Reviewer: I'm afraid `recent` will get outdated super-soon. Ubuntu 22.04 runs kernel 5.15 already. I'd skip that note, or replace with the kernel version directly.

```suggestion
  1 later while disabling the unprivileged used for now. This value was added
  in Linux 5.13. If ``BPF_UNPRIV_DEFAULT_OFF``
```

  +-------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
  | 0     | Unprivileged use of bpf syscall enabled (kernel's default value)  |
  +-------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
  | 1     | Unprivileged use of bpf syscall disabled (until reboot)           |
  +-------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
  | 2     | Unprivileged use of bpf syscall disabled                          |

>   |       | (default if BPF_UNPRIV_DEFAULT_OFF is enabled in kernel config)   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  |       | (default if ``BPF_UNPRIV_DEFAULT_OFF`` is enabled in kernel config) |
```

>   |       | (default if ``BPF_UNPRIV_DEFAULT_OFF`` is enabled in kernel config) |

Reviewer: See how this change breaks the right-side delimiter line for the table. Can you please fix this by updating the other lines of the table, please? I suspect at least some of the CI workflow fail because of that.

Could you please also rebase on top of the current master branch?

The rest of it looks good now, thank you!

Author: @qmonnet 
Done
